Updated design guidelines (#155)
docker/extensions-sdk: docs/design/ui-kit.md

---
title: Docker extension design
description: Docker extension design
keywords: Docker, extensions, design
---

## Docker UI Kit

> Our Design System is currently being developed. In the meantime, you will find some basic styles (color, typography) and components in this [Docker Extensions Styleguide](https://www.figma.com/file/U7pLWfEf6IQKUHLhdateBI/Docker-Design-Guidelines?node-id=1%3A28771). Using the components and styles as per the Docker Extensions Styleguide will ensure that your extension meets the [level AA accessibility standard.](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AA-Conformance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Design System is currently being developed. In the meantime, you will find some basic styles (color, typography) and components in this [Docker Extensions Styleguide](https://www.figma.com/file/U7pLWfEf6IQKUHLhdateBI/Docker-Design-Guidelines?node-id=1%3A28771). Using the components and styles as per the Docker Extensions Styleguide, ensures your extension meets the [level AA accessibility standard.](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG2AA-Conformance)
```

> <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
